---
layout: completion-list
short-title: 2012
title: books read in 2012
---
## Jan
`06` The Legend of Zelda and Philosophy: I Link Therefore I Am, _Ed. Luke Cuddy_

`16` The Andromeda Strain, _Michael Crichton_

`20` United Moon Colonies, _Tom Merritt_

`24` Ford County Stories, _John Grisham_

`26` The Bad Beginning, _Lemony Snicket_

## Feb
`01` Inside Apple, _Adam Lashinsky_

`02` The Reptile Room, _Lemony Snicket_

`25` The Elegant Universe, _Brian Greene_

## Mar
`03` Congo, _Michael Crichton_

`14` Airframe, _Michael Crichton_

`19` Steve Jobs, the Genius Who Changed Our World, _TIME_

`23` Jurassic Park, _Michael Crichton_

`23` My Lucky Life in and out of Show Business, _Dick Van Dyke_

`27` The Wide Window, _Lemony Snicket_

`31` The Miserable Mill, _Lemony Snicket_

## Apr
`12` Hello Everybody! The Dawn of American Radio, _Anthony Rudel_

`16` Fireflies in December, _Jennifer Erin Valent_

`23` Steve Jobs, _Walter Isaacson_

`30` A Night to Remember, _Walter Lord_

## May
`10` A Study in Scarlet, _A. Conan Doyle_

`21` The Devil's Playground, _James Traub_

`23` Eaters of the Dead, _Michael Crichton_

`24` The History of Nintendo Volume 2, _Florent Gorges_

`25` Paperless, _David Sparks_

## Jun
`03` Sloppy Seconds, _Tucker Max_

`03` The Best of the Bro Code and the Playbook, _Barney Stinson_

`05` Cosmos, _Carl Sagan_

`10` Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Volume 4

`15` The Great Train Robbery, _Michael Crichton_

`17` The Terminal Man, _Michael Crichton_

`17` The Sign of Four, _A. Conan Doyle_

`20` Top of the Rock, _Warren Littlefield_

`21` A Scandal in Bohemia, _A. Conan Doyle_

`22` The Red-Headed League, _A. Conan Doyle_

`22` A Case of Identity, _A. Conan Doyle_

`23` The Boscombe Valley Mystery, _A. Conan Doyle_

`23` The Five Orange Pips, _A. Conan Doyle_

`23` The Man With the Twisted Lip, _A. Conan Doyle_

`24` The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle, _A. Conan Doyle_

`24` The Adventure of the Speckled Band, _A. Conan Doyle_

`24` The Adventure of the Engineer's Thumb, _A. Conan Doyle_

`25` The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor, _A. Conan Doyle_

`25` The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet, _A. Conan Doyle_

`25` The Adventure of the Copper Beeches, _A. Conan Doyle_

## Jul
`02` The Perks of Being a Wallflower, _Stephen Chbosky_

`12` 1776, _David McCullough_

`22` Tried by War, _James M. McPherson_

`24` Wonders of the Universe, _Brian Cox_

`31` The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, _A. Conan Doyle_

## Sep
`15` Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Volume 5

`15` Miles Edgeworth: Ace Attorney Investigations Volume 1

`21` Miles Edgeworth: Ace Attorney Investigations Volume 2

`25` A Case of Need, _Michael Crichton_

## Oct
`17` The Casual Vacancy, _J.K. Rowling_

`24` Pirate Latitudes, _Michael Crichton_

`31` The Neptune File, _Tom Standage_

## Nov
`27` Rising Sun, _Michael Crichton_

## Dec
`10` Lincoln, _Disney Book Group_

`21` The Hunger Games, _Suzanne Collins_

`23` The World of Downton Abbey, _Jessica Fellowes_

`24` What Would Steve Jobs Do?, _Peter Sanders_

`26` Scott Pilgrim Volume 1: Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`26` Scott Pilgrim Volume 2: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`27` Scott Pilgrim Volume 3: Scott Pilgrim & the Infinite Sadness, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`27` Scott Pilgrim Volume 4: Scott Pilgrim Gets it Together, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`27` Scott Pilgrim Volume 5: Scott Pilgrim vs. the Universe, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`28` Scott Pilgrim Volume 6: Scott Pilgrim's Finest Hour, _Bryan Lee O'Malley_

`30` Catching Fire, _Suzanne Collins_

`31` The Chronicles of Downton Abbey, _Jessica Fellowes and Matthew Sturgis_